---
layout: post
published: true
title: We kick-start your New Year for 2013!
comments: true
author: Jim James
excerpt: We sent out reminder offer emails to all of your clients to kick off the New Year.
         Start setting up old clients and new business to generate momentum for 2013.
---

We are already working for you in the New Year!

We sent a fresh offer email to each of your clients to remind them about the beauty and value of your photography
sessions. Each offer has been retooled with fresh jewelry pieces and stylish recropping of your portraits. We also
selected the more inexpensive jewelry pieces in recognition that many of us will be paying holiday bills for a few
months to come!

But our service is not just about incremental revenue for your business. Our most important benefit is sending a regular
set of gorgeous emails featuring your portraits to your clients. We take great care not to spam your clients, but we know
they love seeing your portraits in fresh compositions and the reminder that your work is heirloom quality.

Savvy studios may already market to their existing clients, but are your emails _viral_? Do your clients forward them
to their friends and family to show off the beautiful portraits in heirloom quality silver? Are your emails completely
customized and personalized to each client? Our email marketing campaigns are subtle and perfectly complimentary to
your other efforts.

Start by creating a new session today and leverage the work we do for you. Add existing clients from last year, and get
in the habit of creating a ClickPLUS session for each new session you have. Our work is fast and free!